24/01/2019 
The nodes still reboot. Once or twice every day when the BT is used
It doesn't look to be directly caused by the uart since the reboots not always happen at the same time. Some times they are very close to the uart communication, some other times are 5 seconds before, sometimes just after a transaction (however I never seen a reboot DURING a uart communication)
Today I'm running a test without the bluetooth (the board is there and the uart is initialized, but the bt scanning isn't enabled). If a reboot will happen it confirms that the cause is not the uart. -> I had one reboot during a weekend even with no uart communication
I have some suspects that the problem is due to some low level race condition
Today I enabled some logs at low level in contiki (contikimac.c, ctimer.c, rtimer.c, ieee-mode.c, rf-core.c, contikimac.c, contikimac_framer.c, nullrdc.c). I try with low level debug and with uart.

30/01/2019
from 24/01 I tried changing the channel check rate, enabling logging at mac layer. Reboots are still there (typically 1 every day, sometimes up to 4) and they happen anywhere (during uart communication, far from uart communication, inbetween uart communications). With the BT DISABLED there are less, but some are still there. Today I run a test with: mac logging enabled, BT off, battery report every 15s, keep alive every 12s, NETSTACK_CONF_RDC_CHANNEL_CHECK_RATE 8

06/03/2019
I tried using 868MHz boards (cc1350) and this one uses by default the PROP_MODE in place of IEEE_MODE that is used in the cc2650. These boards remained outdoor for a couple of weeks. Two of them shown problems: NODEID=5 was not working at all (the red LED was ON and the BT board was in IDLE state), I had to reset it to make it working again. NODEID=3 responded to network commands, however the BT board did not work, even after BT reset command (even ping did not work, the nordic does not respond to ping with pong). After hard reset of the whole node the BT started working again.
Today I run a test with 868MHz radio and PROP_MODE and I remove nodeID=1 since it is the same of the sink...

